---
title: "About"
date: "2024-03-05"
author: "andor@andor.us"
description: "Engineer, Builder, CTO, and Open Source Advocate"
type: "Doc"
---

## Abstract

I like solving challenging problems that live on the intersection of technology
and humans.

I am currently focused on decentralized identity solutions related to
Decentralized Web Nodes. Co-Chair of Decentralized Web Node WG at Decentralized
Identity Foundation (DIF), Co-Lead of the Trust Registry Task Force @ Trust Over
IP, and Chair of the Technical Steering Committee at DIF.

My style around engineering is to balance exploration with pragmatism. I love
mature R&D, with an edge toward production grade results. Full stack, with a
bend toward backend/ML, and a capability of cobbling together UI's on vue.js or
other frameworks if needed. I classify myself as an autodidact, and I've learned
most the skills I have today from real projects.

If you're interested in learning more or just chatting, feel free to reach out
to [me](/contact).

## Background

I always have viewed technology as a means toward the ends. I graduated
Claremont McKenna ('14) with a Technology Policy Degree. I began my career in
Silicon Valley, fell in love with the R&D Team at my first job in RetailNext,
and moved my way toward engineering/R&D. We worked on building the
[Aurora](https://retailnext.net/product/aurora) camera, a edge based camera used
for people tracking in retail spaces. For the next 6 years, I focused on the
intersection of Spatial Intelligence, AI, and R&D. I met my wife in India, and
lived there for 5 years while working with US Companies remotely.

A few years ago, I fell in love with the decentralized identity community and
the mission it has reduce power bottlenecks in the fabric of society. I quickly
engaged in a number of open source projects, and landed myself lead of a number
of open source initiatives. Check out [here](/opensource) for more information.
I have now been CTO at two companies, and I've learned a lot from my
experiences.
